Terms of service

As for the server which is blurred badly, the use of TS3 Server and DiscordServer "Bullet High School Server" (hereafter called this server) operated by Server which is totally flaunted, As stated above, this agreement is stipulated.

Article 1 (Definition)

In this agreement, the terms listed in the following items shall be used with the following meanings. "This server" means bhs.0am.jp (including subdomains) and sites with URLs below it. "User" means the person who accesses this server.

Article 2 (Range of Regulations and Change)

1. This agreement shall be applied to Server and users who use it in connection with the use of this server, and the user shall faithfully comply with these Terms.

2. Individual Specification Individual provisions separately set by Server on posting on this server or other methods and additional regulations Additional information that the Server notifies the user from time to time at all times by Server I will make up a part.

3. Other websites operated by Server that are totally flaky are also linked to this site. When using these sites, you also need to agree to the terms of service listed in that site.

4. Server may not be changed The server may change this agreement depending on Server's own judgment which makes it totally silent without user's consent. In this case, the terms of use of this server shall be based on the changed terms and conditions. The change is notified from the time of notifying by e-mail addressed to the address notified to the server which is preliminarily filled in advance, the general bulletin on this server or any other method the Server deems appropriate Shall be effective.

5. In the event of any disadvantage or damage to the user due to the change of the contract, the Server which will blink out will not take any responsibility.

Article 3 (Status of users and restrictions)

1. By using this server, the user shall be deemed to have agreed to this Terms and at the same time obtain the position as a user on this server.

2. The user shall not perform the acts listed below.

(1) Acts that infringe on the property or privacy etc. of a third party or a server that weakens, or acts that may be infringed
(2) Acts that give rise to disadvantageous or damaging acts, or acts that may be feared, to a third party
(3) Acts that interfere with the operation of this server
(4) Acts contrary to public order and morals
(5) Acts that lead to criminal acts or criminal acts, or acts that fear them
(6) Acts of making false declarations and notifications
(7) Activities aimed at sales activities or profit-making using this server, or preparations for that. However, this is not the case if Server approved separately accepts it separately
(8) Third party or act of damaging the honor or credibility of Server
(9) Acts of using or providing harmful programs such as computer viruses, or acts that may be feared
(10) Other acts that violate domestic and foreign laws, laws or ordinances, or acts that fear them
(11) Others, acts judged as inappropriate by Server

Article 4 (Information to be posted)

Server will not guarantee anything other precisely, such as the accuracy, up-to-date, usefulness, etc. of the information posted on this server. In addition, Server which makes it blur is not to notify the user beforehand, it makes it totally blurred Server According to the judgment of Server, add, change, modification, deletion of information published on this server You may do. In any case Server will not take any responsibility for any damage caused to customers due to addition, change, modification, deletion etc. of information of this server in any case.

Article 5 (Discontinuation / suspension of disclosure)

1. If it is any one of the following reasons, the Server will soon become available, depending on the Server's sole discretion, at its sole discretion, without prior notice to you, Or you may temporarily suspend or stop all publications.

(1) In the case of periodically or urgently conducting maintenance, inspection, and updating of the devices and systems for this server disclosure
(2) When it is difficult to publish the server due to force majeure such as fire, blackout, natural disaster
(3) In addition, Servers that are totally out of operation or technically will be temporarily discontinued or stopped temporarily for this server, or the Server will soon be blamed due to unforeseen circumstances When judging that server publication is difficult

2. Server which is getting rid of is completely responsible for any disadvantage or damage suffered by the user or a third party, due to occurrence of temporary discontinuance, suspension, etc. of this server Shall not.

Article 6 (Link handling)

If linking from this server to another site or a third party provides a link to this server, the server which gets ridiculous does not take any responsibility for the site outside this server Hmm. In this case, we assume no responsibility for content, advertisements, products, services, etc. which are included in the site and are available on the site. Server is not responsible for compensating for any damages caused by or associated with such contents, advertisements, products, services etc. Links to individual pages may be lost without notice as the site structure and server configuration change.

Article 7 (Copyright)

1. The user shall not reproduce, sell or publish any information provided through this server in any way beyond the scope of personal use of the individual personally specified by the copyright law, without the consent of the right holder , It can not be used for other purposes.

2. The user shall not be able to use any information provided through this server by any third party in any way without the consent of the right holder and make it available to the user .

3. In the event of a problem in violation of the terms of this section, you solve problems related to your own responsibilities and costs, as well as those that do not cause any inconvenience or damage to the Server will do.

Article 8 (Loss of user qualification and liability for compensation)

1. Server alters the server for any change, interruption, cancellation, suspension, abolition or abolition of this server, or any other damage caused by users or third parties related to this server Shall not.

2. When the user gives damage to a third party through the use of this server, the user solves it with his own responsibility and cost, it does not cause damage to the Server will do. In the event that the user harms Server which is contrary to the illegal or illegal act, or the act contrary to this contract, the Server which is getting rid of suffers reasonable damage to the user You can claim compensation.

3. In the event that the user violates Article 3-2, if there is any other reason that the server deems inappropriate as a user, the server may cancel the user's qualification, refuse to access the server We are located.

Article 9 (Privacy policy)

As for the management and handling of user's information which Server knows about in connection with the use of this site by user, it is a blessing It is based on the privacy policy separately set by Server will do.

Article 10 (Governing Law, Jurisdiction)

Upon the establishment, effectiveness, and interpretation of these Terms of Use, the law shall be governed by Japanese law. In addition, for disputes arising between the server and customers that are blurred out, the district court having jurisdiction over the location of the server shall be the exclusive jurisdiction court of the first instance.





Regulation established: August 15, 2018

First revision: September 18, 2018

2nd revision: June 5, 2018

3rd revision: October 7, 2018

Bullet High School Server, Management Team

Server Master: KuluruNyan * (Kuuru)

Twitter (@QuL_kuluru)
