Clan Terms

To make it blurry, the climbs are going to run, but managed by the game, activity provided by the VC server, game server "Bullet High School" (hereafter, this clan is good We will establish this agreement on the use of

Article 1 (Definition)

In this agreement, the terms listed in the following items shall be used with the following meanings. "This clan" is a clan "Bullet High School" composed of a clan master and executives and members. "User" means a person other than the clan master of this clan who has the qualification to belong to the clan.

Article 2 (Range of Regulations and Change)

1. This agreement shall be applied to this clan and users for the use of this clan, and the user shall be in good faith of this agreement.

2. Individual regulations separately prescribed by this clan on the clamp or other methods and additional provisions notified by this clan to the user at any time constitute a part of these Terms.

3. This clan also manages a server. When using these servers separately, you also have to agree to the terms of service listed in that server.

4. Other websites operated by Kuranu are also linked to this site. When using these sites, you also need to agree to the terms of service listed in that site.

5. This clan may change this agreement by our own judgment without our consent. In this case, the use conditions of this clan will be based on the changed terms and conditions. Such change shall be effective from the time the notice is notified in advance by e-mail addressed to the address notified to the Clan, the general bulletin on this clan or any other method that the Clan considers appropriate.

6. In the event of disadvantage or damage to the user due to the change of the contract, this clan will not bear any responsibility.

Article 3 (Status of users and restrictions)

1. By belonging to this clan, the user shall be deemed to have agreed to this agreement and at the same time obtain the position as a user in this clan.

2. The user shall not perform the acts listed below.
(1) Any act that infringes the property or privacy etc of a third party or this clan, or an act that may infringe
(2) Acts that give disadvantage or damage to a third party or this clan, or acts that are feared to do so
(3) Acts that interfere with the operation of this clan
(4) Acts contrary to public order and morals
(5) Acts that lead to criminal acts or criminal acts, or acts that fear them
(6) Acts of making false declarations and notifications
(7) Activities aimed at sales activities or profit-making activities using this clan, or preparations for that purpose. However, if this clan separately approves, this is not the limit
(8) Any act of damaging the honor or credibility of a third party or this clan
(9) Acts of using or providing harmful programs such as computer viruses, or acts that may be feared
(10) Other acts that violate domestic and foreign laws, laws or ordinances, or acts that fear them
(11) Any other act that the Clan deems inappropriate

Article 4 (Information to be posted)

This clan does not guarantee anything about the precision, up-to-date, usefulness etc. of information to be posted on the server managed by this clan. In addition, this clan may add, change, modify, or delete information published on the server at the discretion of this clan without notifying the user in advance. In no event shall this clan bear any responsibility for any damage caused to customers due to addition, change, modification, deletion etc. of server information.

Article 5 (Discontinuation / suspension and suspension of activity / suspension)

1. In case that this clan falls under any of the following reasons, according to the independent judgment of this clan, it is possible to temporarily suspend or stop the disclosure of part or all of the server without notifying the user in advance Yes.

(1) In the case of periodically or urgently performing maintenance, inspection, and updating of devices and systems for publicizing gaming servers operated by this clan
(2) In cases where it is difficult to publish the server due to force majeure such as fire, power failure, natural disaster, etc. and when the activity of this clan is difficult
(3) In addition, if the Clan determines that it is difficult to publish the server due to operational or technical reasons for the temporary suspension or suspension of disclosure of the server by the Clan, or due to unforeseen circumstances

2. This Clan shall not bear any responsibility for any disadvantage or damage suffered by the user or a third party due to occurrence of temporary discontinuation, suspension, etc. of the server.

Article 6 (Link handling)

If the link from the web server operated by this clan to another site or a third party provides the link to the server, this clan will not bear any responsibility for the site outside the server. In this case, we assume no responsibility for content, advertisements, products, services, etc. which are included in the site and are available on the site. This clan is not responsible for compensating for any damages caused by or associated with such contents, advertisements, products, services etc. Links to individual pages may be lost without notice as the site structure and server configuration change.

Article 7 (Copyright)

1. The user shall not reproduce, sell, publish any information provided through this clan in any way beyond the scope of personal use of the individual personally specified by the copyright law without the consent of the right holder , It can not be used for other purposes.

2. The user shall not be able to use any information provided through this clan by any third party in any way without the consent of the right holder, .

3. In the event of a problem in violation of the terms of this section, the user shall solve the problem related to its own responsibility and cost, and shall not cause any inconvenience or damage to this clan.

Article 8 (Liability)

1. This clan is not responsible for any change, interruption, cancellation, suspension, discontinuation of this server, or any other damage caused by the user or a third party related to this clan.

2. When the user gives damage to a third party through the use of this clan, the user shall resolve it with his / her own responsibility and cost and will not damage the clan. In the event that the user harms the clan by acts contrary to these terms or by illegal or illegal acts, the Clan shall be entitled to the corresponding damages for the said user.

3. In the event that the user violates Article 3-2, if there are other reasons that the Clan deems inappropriate as a user, this clan may cancel the user's qualification and refuse to access the server We are located.

Article 9 (Privacy policy)

Regarding the management and handling of user information that this clan knows about the use of this clan by the user, it is based on the privacy policy separately defined by this clan.

Article 10 (Governing Law, Jurisdiction)

Upon the establishment, effectiveness, and interpretation of these Terms of Use, the law shall be governed by Japanese law. In addition, regarding disputes arising between the server and customers who are coming to blindly, the district court having jurisdiction over the server location operated by this clan shall be the exclusive agreement jurisdiction court of the first instance.





Regulation established: October 07, 2018

Bullet High School Server, Management Team

Server Master: KuluruNyan * (Kuuru)

Twitter (@QuL_kuluru)
